eh
It is a key value
8 This time
It is 4 types of xperia z 2
8 cameras
That's a trial shot of it right now
Four
Well I can take a picture of this 4 type video with my personal computer now
I can not display 4 type on the display, so if you take this video, it probably drips
I think that it will be raised to the unedited block youtube
Yeah it is
It was the purchase 1 year reference video that was the last place
Well from that
Where I fought a little
is there
Why is it so good even if painted
It is the one of 8 valves last time about 12 months ago
Because the valve has broken
You can see something replaced
8 iridescent last time 8 heads were white and blue bulbs
I was a white guy of 4150 Kelvin Gray
Well this time, let's put on a little
us Nea I can see it with a little naked eyes , but I already have a little more to Ehata Shinon
I can only see
I'm wonder if rest is not doing anything also bought the other at all
It is about
I also I'd wore various Toka here smartphone holder before it is before Anzeru
8 This is the one I used before 4.8's This is 5.2 inches example
8 at all
This little to eat after it is no longer a little fit in like here is too huge weight
Nde come
I 've already removed it because I can't get land
Well it is this I just did not put the last time
This Kijima's usb charger It's true that after entering this we took this
The guy I put in front of the morning touring and maybe that video
It is a place where it does not enter, but a little rust protection cap is good here though it is a little bit
Oh to be this
This way you can use while charging in the rain
It is waterproof cover Kedomo are you went into it is
Let's put on
This white of sleepy
Sewakari Masu ne car it also did not appear even though I think that led lights flashed
The rest is about this already
Monitor and the other 4-inch
You have a graphic card loaded with a leaf compatible 4 type main shaft
It is only for people who have a personal computer . This four- type cb is full of this image
I think I can not do it
Hey I also what kind of 4 type white ones white
I think I want to raise money
Is it the best to sleep with this type 4 maa meat?
4 k
I think that cb video is still only you on youtube
I would like to become a human pillar for a moment
So that was Tsu yet? Chamecha
This is it
And it can be seen in the Well seen people forget there Nde It is a car a little not win charm nice
I'm sorry but
It is alcohol called Bacardi
A sticker has been attached in the campaign now
later
8 yeah- here
It is in the side back and this is also the last of sweat masu I think I'm bonds sailing to wear
If it increases with one of those things, what will happen
There is a difference on the left side and a souvenir on the right side or a single-lens reflex camera or something like that
I was water, but the souvenir I bought on the way back was a little too big
Well I'm not a single-lens reflex Mr. from the beginning, but I would like to go in a nutshell
Because the thing that it has entered into during the cherry blossoms had noticed a good Garigarigari
It has become clean
Even though I was not doing anything standing still
Why is it that only such a place is shaved
I do not know well I wonder if the floor is scratched at all
4th
After Hey do you anymore about it
8 Let's check the speaker for a moment
Entered was
Realized
I think it's a bit awkward with the bully and maybe it won't exceed
In the idling and 8 Akirado version like a sound
There will be quite a solid feeling
At first I think I will give myself only